hello everyone its Alaina and today's
video is going to be a very short one
because I actually want something from
you in this video so over the past few
weeks I've gotten a lot of messages from
my blog about qwc and I realized many of
the questions that people ask are very
similar but there's no one place where
someone just answered them all so I
thought why not do a Q&A about qwc so if
you're currently a university student
and you want to know something about the
ib or some tips or whatever feel free to
ask or if you're a potential applicant
ask please anything you would like to
know about university experience the
academics the people just ask away and I
will try to answer all of your questions
so if you have a question for me please
comment it under this video or write me
a message for the context section off my
blog which is linked below I'm really
looking forward to reading your
questions and yeah that's already it for
today's video I'm really looking forward
to making Q&A please comment or send me
your messages until next Friday because
I will probably film the video on
weekend yeah I hope you got a lot of
questions from you guys and I will see
you guys next week with my Q&A about qwc